---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aaa-v1_authentication_policy_list Data Source - aaa-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# aaa-v1_authentication_policy_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) A label selector string to filter the results based on resource labels. If specified multiple times, the union of resources which satisfy a label-selector will be returned.
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) An AuthenticationPolicy defines parameters that relate to node users, such as password complexity, lockout timers, and the order in which authentication methods are attempted on the node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) AuthenticationPolicyStatus defines the observed state of AuthenticationPolicy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `authentication_order` (Attributes) Authentication order. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--authentication_order))
- `idle_timeout_minutes` (Number) Determines how long a user can be idle for before they are logged out (in minutes). When set to zero, users are never logged out.
- `lockout_policy` (Attributes) Lockout policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--lockout_policy))
- `node_selectors` (List of String) Selects TopoNodes on which to configure the AuthenticationPolicy.
- `nodes` (List of String) List of TopoNodes on which to configure the AuthenticationPolicy.
- `password_complexity_rules` (Attributes) Password complexity rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--password_complexity_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--authentication_order"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.authentication_order`

Optional:

- `exit_on_reject` (Boolean) When set to True, a reject of an authentication server will result in the user being denied access. When set to False, upon reject the node will try the next authentication method in the authentication order.
- `local_authentication` (String) Local authentication priority.
- `server_group_order` (List of String) List of ServerGroups that define the order in which authentication happens.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--lockout_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.lockout_policy`

Optional:

- `attempts` (Number) How many failed login attempts are allowed, set to zero for unlimited attempts.
- `lockout_minutes` (Number) How many minutes the user will be locked out for, set to zero for indefinite (until manually unlocked).
- `time_minutes` (Number) The time window for failed attempts to occur in (in minutes).


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--password_complexity_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.password_complexity_rules`

Optional:

- `allow_username` (Boolean) Whether to allow the username to be part of the password.
- `maximum_sequential_characters` (Number) The maximum length of sequential characters in the password. For example, abcd is a sequence of 4 sequential keys.
- `minimum_length` (Number) The minimum length of the password.
- `minimum_lowercase` (Number) The minimum amount of lowercase characters in the password.
- `minimum_numeric` (Number) The minimum amount of numeric characters in the password.
- `minimum_special` (Number) The minimum amount of special characters in the password.
- `minimum_uppercase` (Number) The minimum amount of uppercase characters in the password.
- `repeated_characters` (Number) How many repeated characters are allowed.



<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `nodes` (List of String) List of nodes this authentication policy has been applied to
