---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "aaa-v1_server_group_list Data Source - aaa-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# aaa-v1_server_group_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) A label selector string to filter the results based on resource labels. If specified multiple times, the union of resources which satisfy a label-selector will be returned.
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) The ServerGroup defines a list of AAA servers to be used for authentication, authorization, and accounting. It includes settings for both Radius and Tacacs servers, although each ServerGroup is limited to servers of a single type. The ServerGroup is deployed onto nodes using the label selector. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ServerGroupStatus defines the observed state of ServerGroup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `aaa_servers` (Attributes List) The AAA servers that are part of this ServerGroup. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--aaa_servers))
- `node_group_selectors` (List of String) Label selector for NodeGroup resources to deploy on the node for this ServerGroup.
- `node_groups` (List of String) Which NodeGroup resources to deploy on the node for this ServerGroup.
- `radius` (Attributes) RADIUS parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--radius))
- `router_kind` (String) Kind of the router used to reach the AAA servers.
- `tacacs` (Attributes) TACACS+ parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--tacacs))
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Timeout in seconds that the node will wait for a response from the AAA server before retrying or continuing to the next server in the group.
- `type` (String) Select the type of all servers in the ServerGroup. Can either be Radius or Tacacs.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--aaa_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.aaa_servers`

Optional:

- `address` (String) Address of the AAA server, must be either IPv4 or IPv6, or an FQDN.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) Secret used for the AAA server.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--radius"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.radius`

Optional:

- `accounting_port` (Number) Accounting port of the Radius server(s).
- `authentication_port` (Number) Authentication port of the Radius server(s).
- `retransmit_attempts` (Number) Retransmit attempts per Radius server.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--tacacs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.tacacs`

Optional:

- `port` (Number) Tacacs server port.
- `priv_lvl_authorization` (Boolean) Whether to enable TACACS+ privilege level authorization.



<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `health` (Number) Indicates the health score of the ServerGroup. The health score of the ServerGroup is determined by the aggregate health score of all servers in this group on all nodes.
- `health_score_reason` (String) Indicates the reason for the health score.
- `last_change` (String) The time when the state of the resource last changed.
- `nodes` (List of String) List of nodes this ServerGroup has been applied to
- `operational_state` (String) Operational state of the ServerGroup.  The operational state of the ServerGroup is determined by monitoring the operational state of all servers in this group on all nodes.
